---
title: "Ch 13"
---

"No. 1, call for satellite monitoring."

"Boss, we don't have such great authority."

"..."

"No. 2, search for the whole villa."

"Boss, we don't have a search warrant."

"..."

The executive trio was here.

The black executive vehicle parked in front of the villa.

Two people were exactly the same as a bionic, following a normal human being.

The person in the lead was a young girl, with a cold look, neat and short hair, wearing a black uniform, looking heroic.

Lu Wen glanced at the short-haired girl.

【Reading badge information...】

【Xia Chuluo】

【20-year-old human female】

【Human Executive Officer】

Xia Chuluo's height was not considered tall, but it was still normal. She was half a head taller than Li Yu, and has a well-proportioned body. It seems to be the result of years of exercise.

She looked calm and stood in front of the villa.

"Executive Officer, my sister's physical condition was not very good from beginning, don't let anything happen."

Li Yu also stood in front of the villa, her little face full of worries.

This skilled acting made Lu Wen want to give her an award.

Xia Chuluo glanced at Li Yu lightly, and ordered a bionic person behind him: "No. 1, turn on the recorder."

"Ok."

The bionic man stood aside.

His left eye began to flash with red dots.

So advanced?

Lu Wen thought about it and then searched for information in his original functional chip, isn't this just a video? He has it too! And when he was recording, there was no red dot flashing. At any rate, he was a customized model of more than one million, and you get what you pay for.

This military type seems to be more advanced than these normal police bionics.

"Your sister is dead." Xia Chuluo said lightly, very directly.

"Huh?" Li Yu covered his mouth, and wisps of mist began to gather in the pair of beautiful eyes, as if big and big drops would fall in the next moment.

"How could... how could it?" Li Yu murmured, crying, "Obviously she had already thought about it yesterday..."

"Please stabilize your emotions and do not interfere with the follow-up investigation." Xia Chuluo's face was cold, "Now I want to ask you a few questions, please answer truthfully."

Li Yu sat down in front of the villa, desperate, tears streaming down uncontrollably.

Just looking at her appearance, it should be impossible to answer questions normally.

Xia Chuluo raised her wrist, looking calm, and checked the time.

She had to wait quietly after that

Three minutes later.

Li Yu was still crying.

She couldn't stop cry, tears fell like rain, and her eyes became red and swollen from crying after a short while.

"Okay, change the object." Xia Chuluo glanced at Lu Wen behind Li Yu, raised her eyes slightly, and beckoned to him, "That bionic person, come here."

"Ok."

Lu Wen took a deep breath and walked forward slowly.

He can't reveal the flaws to Li Yu, he must reveal the flaws to Xia Chuluo, but Li Yu again told him not to reveal the flaws.

Well, it was like a dead end.

"Answer my question truthfully now." Xia Chuluo took a step back so that he didn't have to look up at Lu Wen.

"Okay." Lu Wen nodded.

"How long did you go out yesterday?"

"9 hours and 31 minutes, departure at 9:30 in the morning, 7:1 in the evening."

"How many people are there in the car?"

"Four people, I and Li Yu, Li Shuang and Sun Wei."

"Who was driving?"

"Sun Wei."

"Tell me where everyone sits."

"I was sitting in the back row with Li Yu, I was on the left hand side of the back row, Li Yu was on the right hand side of the back row, Sun Wei was in the driving position, and Li Shuang was in the co-pilot position."

"Ok."

Xia Chuluo nodded and paused to ask.

She turned her head and looked at another bionic executive officer.

"Have you noted it down?"

"Boss, you didn't let me note it."

"……"

Xia Chuluo grabbed her hair, gritted her teeth and whispered: "The machine is the machine!"

"Boss, it hurts your self-esteem to talk like this. Besides, isn't there a recorder?"

"……"

Xia Chuluo almost pulled her hair off.

Bringing a dog is more useful than these machines!

She took a deep breath, calmed her ups and downs, and turned her head.

Her face was indifferent as usual.

"Why did you and Li Yu only come back yesterday?"

"After eating at noon, Li Shuang said that she wanted to go a little farther to relax. Sun Wei proposed to drive out of Mowu City to feel freedom in the desert and those abandoned cities. Li Yu wanted to stay in Mowu city and strolling around some nice towns, so I stayed with her."

"Where did you eat lunch? What did you eat? How much did it cost? What is the name of the restaurant?"

Xia Chuluo raised his head and stared at Lu Wen's eyes.

"We ate in the car and brought our own snacks. The location was Shuangxi Town. The car was parked at the road sign outside Shuangxi Town. Now we should still be able to find the bags containing the snacks."

Xia Chuluo slowly closed his eyes.

She seems to be thinking.

After a while, she opened her eyes, shook her head, and said something lightly.

"There is no surveillance in that place."

"???"

Lu Wen was shocked.

Are you not a human?

You have a map chip in my head or something?

"We found the charred bodies of two people under a cliff, as well as the scrapped vehicles." Xia Chuluo said calmly, "Tell me about Li Shuang's usual situation."

"Li Shuang has been emotionally unstable since he was a child, and she liked to beat things. She used to like to beat people in school, and she has a tendency to self-harm." Lu Wen said, "Later she fell in love with Sun Wei, and her mood stabilized a little, and she was almost getting married. One step forward, but Sun Wei’s family did not agree to the two getting married... Later, the two had a fight, and Li Shuang moved back to live with Li Yu, but often broke some things in the villa, flower pots, TV, etc. Yes, and self-harm when you she was alone, which was very scary."

Lu Wen paused, and then said, "We still have the medical records issued by the hospital. Li Shuang does have a little mental abnormality."

While he was talking.

A few more cars came in the distance.

The car has not stabilized yet, and he heard the cry of heaven and earth falling down coming from inside.

"Awei!"

"My Awei!"

Sun Wei’s family was here!

There were more than ten people in a party, both old and young. Among them, a middle-aged woman keeps sobbing, her face was haggard, and there was no trace of blood on her face.

Li Yu saw the Sun family and wiped her tears, disgust and hatred appeared on his face.

Damn high quality acting!

"I blame you all, if you had agreed with my sister's marriage, how could she have gone this far??!"

She was the first to speak.

Li Yu wiped his tears, her eyes flushed, and walked towards the Sun family.

Next.

Beside the road.

Noise of cursing, crying, shouting filled the surrounding.

Xia Chuluo turned around to look at those people, and then suddenly turned around.

She suddenly smiled, and Lu Wen found that the girl smiled pretty well.

"You know too much." She looked at Lu Wen, and her sound was like a mosquito, and the sound was so small that the sensor of the bionic person behind her might not be able to catch it, but she was closer to Lu Wen.

Lu Wen even suspected that the girl knew the condition of his sensor accessories and calculated the distance.

He alone can hear the voice.

"I checked your purchase record. You only switched on the three days ago. It is impossible to know about Li Shuang so clearly."

"First of all, you and Li Yu have confessed in advance."

"Secondly, you have already awakened. You can't wait to reveal so much information. You want to let me help you without violating the principle and preventing Li Yu from discovering it."

"Li Yu is not here now, if I am right."

"Just blink your eyes."