---
title: "Ch 17"
---

"When I dragged Li Shuang to the third floor, she was completely crazy."

Li Meng whispered.

The blood stains on the third floor were all cleaned by her, and the rest, the drag marks in the stairwell, were handed over to Lu Wen to deal with.

"I'm lucky, the fusing measures have failed."

"I want to kill her, she won't have the slightest resistance, but that Sun Wei is not a good thing, and keeps sending messages every day, so I can only kill him together."

"Then..."

Li Meng looked into the distance, a trace of blur appeared in his beautiful eyes.

She weaves a rough lie.

In this lie, there was a couple who died in love, two awakened bionics, and a Xinhong company worker who was drunk and drowned.

If you want to continue this lie, more people will die.

"Awakened bionics are very different from non-awakened bionics." Li Yu turned to look at Lu Wen, "From the moment you opened your eyes and looked at me, I knew that there was an awakened person in your body. soul."

"But you are trapped in this fettered body."

Lu Wen was stunned, his own sophisticated disguise was useless, and he was seen through on the first day?

Sure enough, bionics know bionics best.

But does he know too much now? Why does Li Meng want to tell him this?

【Dangerous】

He saw Li Meng take the phone out of his pocket.

"Now I only need to order you to connect to the Internet, and I can restart you with one click." Li Meng smiled, with a bitter smile, "Then I can take you to a corner where no one will know, no one will know about it, and I will accompany you every day. She watched the sunrise and sunset, just like before..."

Sure enough, woman, turns face is faster than turning a book.

The world was overcast all day long, where does the sunrise and sunset come from?

Several chips in Lu Wen's mind were running wildly, thinking of ways to break the game.

He looked at the cracking process.

【19%】

I can’t count on this stuff!

Calm down!

At this time, the more flustered he was, the faster he'll die!

Physics, chemistry, market supply and demand, psychology...

The countless knowledge in the original functional chip rose and fell like a tide. Lu Wen was an almighty housework bionic, but now so many skills are useless.

Negotiation Skills!

Finally found one that works, Lu Wen got tears in his eyes when he found this.

"Girl, you can't walk far with a corpse. If we are together, we will benefit from each other. If you divide it, you will be injured. The overall situation should be the most important thing. If there is a healthy adult man by your side, the situation will be much better. When necessary I can help you tell a lie..." Lu Wen organized the language frantically.

No, this was not convincing.

Think again!

One plan came to mind quickly, and then it was rejected.

He thought that Li Meng had carefully designed such a sorrowful situation, just to stay in this villa after killing Li Shuang.

But he was wrong.

This girl was going to travel the world with a corpse!

Then why do you design a love affair? Just kill Li Shuang and leave!

In order to highlight their excellent IQ?

"Let's go."

Huh? Go?

Lu Wen suspected that he had heard it wrong.

He looked at Li Meng, who also looked at him with a smile.

"Everyone has the right to choose their own life, and bionics should have them too. You are very special and different from other awakened models. You... are so close to human beings. I even thought that there was a human soul living in you. ."

Li Meng still smiles so beautifully.

She walked up to Lu Wen, stood on tiptoe, and touched his hair, very affectionate.

"Boom--!"

The bullet burst out of the air.

Time and space froze.

Lu Wen saw the reluctance, attachment, and relief in Li Meng's eyes.

This was the look that a human should have!

Blue blood splashed in the air, and some of it fell on him.

The torn wound runs from the chest to the back. One of the weaknesses of bionics is also the heart, which powers the blue blood circulation throughout their bodies.

The petite bionic was carried by the huge inertia of the bullet and fell to the side.

Lu Wen pulled her back into his arms.

"Xia Chuluo?"

At the doorway.

The indifferent female executive put the gun in her hand back to her waist.

She took a few steps forward and took out an order record.

"Li Meng, the fifth-generation housework bionic of Xinhong, custom model, number Ⅴ10-0007706301, price 1.3 million." Xia Chuluo smiled faintly, put away the order record, put her hands behind him, and looked at Lu Wen, "The price is a bit more expensive than you."

"Just for the so-called freedom, you not only killed Li Shuang and Sun Wei, but also implicated an innocent Xinhong branch database maintainer."

Xia Chuluo said as she walked forward.

"You coerced him to delete your order data, and then created the illusion that he was drinking and drowning."

"But you don't know that the Internet has memories. Do you really think you can delete it cleanly?"

"Poor Xinhong's data maintenance staff, less than 30, working overtime every day until late at night, there were few hairs left, and finally saved enough for the down payment for a house in the town. He hasn't moved to his new house but he died."

Li Yu's face was pale, lying in Lu Wen's arms.

She looked very weak.

He didn't know how long a bionic person who has lost blue blood can live.

"I will not kill innocent people."

Even though her life was about to come to an end, she still smiled.

The smile was as beautiful as an angel.

"Li Shuang accidentally killed Li Yu, so you want to kill her, I understand this."

Xia Chuluo sat on the edge of the bed, habitually stroking a few strands of dishonest short hair.

"Sun Wei has a chaotic plot, and he is not true to Li Shuang. The more sick Li Shuang is, the more he likes her. I checked his social account. In addition to Li Shuang, there are several other girls. The so-called marriage is also fake... indeed Damn, you did a good job at this point." Xia Chuluo's mouth curled up, and she actually praised Li Meng.

"But what about the programmer?" she asked. 

"You can check his browsing history."

Li Meng's voice was getting weaker and weaker.

Xia Chuluo frowned and thought for a few seconds.

"I see, thank you for killing him."

Lu Wen huged Li Meng.

The petite girl looked at him with a smile, the light in her eyes was getting dimmer.

He suddenly understood that the person Li Meng saw when he opened his eyes was Li Yu, who should be a very kind girl, and a girl who loves to smile and is a healing girl.

After Li Yu died.

She became her.

His worries over the past few days were actually unnecessary.

Li Meng did not think about restarting him from the beginning.

"How will this kind of killing bionics be dealt with?" Lu Wen asked.

"Destroy." Xia Chuluo replied succinctly, "Limb materials can be recycled, but the four chips in the brain must be destroyed, completely melted, and track all possible backup data."

The biggest advantage of bionics is infinite life.

All their data is in the four chips. As long as the chip is not damaged, they can live forever, and even have a second life in the form of backup data.

Of course, all the memories of the second life stay on the day the backup was performed.

"You want to take her away?"

Lu Wen looked at Li Yu in his arms, her eyes had completely dimmed.

Before the heart is repaired and enough blue blood is replenished, she is dead.

Xia Chuluo glanced at him and smiled.

"Why are you taking her away?"

"Then you……"

"This is just an ordinary death. She is just a bionic."