---
title: "Ch 15"
---
If you were to hide a corpse, where would you hide it?

Lu Wen had seen this question on an obscure foreign language website in his previous life. There were many answers below, and one particular answer has a lot of likes --- hidden in someone else’s coffin.

Mostly all answers were abnormal answers.

There were also some relatively normal answers, such as hiding in my stomach, hiding in a cement pillar.

"Anyway, it won't be a good place under the puddle."

He dug the hole the night before, and the rainwater has gathered in it, and it has not yet receded.

Lu Wen asked himself, whether it was hiding a corpse or any murder weapon, he would not be stupid enough to hide it in such a conspicuous place.

But Sun Wei's family, who lost their minds due to grief, would not think of this, Lu Wen also understood this.

"Is there a pit in the backyard?"

Upon hearing this, the onlookers seemed to think of the horror stories and movies they had seen.

Everyone walked backwards one after another.

Walking half a circle around the villa, the small puddle appeared in the eyes of everyone.

"A bunch of fools."

Xia Chuluo's face was cold, and she embraced her hands, watching those Sun Wei's family members carrying buckets and basins busy pouring water out.

What made her angry was that her two assistants were also in the lineup of splashing water.

That's it?

Can this also be called passing the Turing test?

Xia Chuluo felt that Turing might be so angry that he would crawl out of the grave.

After a while, under the efforts of a group of people.

The puddle was empty.

"There must be something buried underneath!"

Sun Wei’s family was reluctant, some people brought a shovel and start digging down.

The earth was flying.

Mud splashed everywhere.

There was a heavy rain that night when Lu Wen dug a hole. The rainwater carried away the mud, and some sediment settled down and was buried by the green grass.

But now it was just a misty drizzle, which can't do anything except add a bit of depression and sorrow.

"How could they dig up something?"

"Even if you really want to bury something, it won't be buried in such a conspicuous place."

"……"

The onlookers offered timely assists, and there was a lot of discussion.

No one believed that this can dig things up.

All the situation was developing in a direction favorable to Li Yu.

Until...

"Blood!"

"There is blood oozing out!"

Sun Wei's family shouted.

Everyone was shocked.

Xia Chuluo frowned, stepped out of the crowd, and walked to the edge of the pit first.

"How can there be blood?"

Lu Wen was surprised. He dug the hole himself, but nothing was buried.

Where did the blood come from?

Lu Wen stepped forward and took a look.

There was still some stagnant water in the puddle, and some light red liquid can be seen to seep out from below, and there was also some red liquid on the top of the shovel.

"Continue digging."

Sun Wei’s family obviously finally found some points of emotional venting.

This sudden blood stain was beyond the expectation of most people present.

The voices of the people's discussions gradually became quieter, and their expressions became concentrated.

Under the dim sky, behind this small villa, people held up black umbrellas, looked through the dim curtain of water, that landed in the pit that was not shallow or deep.

The sole of the shoe trampled on the grass, and the muddy water splashed.

The rain kissed the umbrella surface, ticking.

The scene seemed to be a combination of static and dynamic, quiet and noisy pulling each other.

Li Yu snuggled next to Lu Wen, her eyes flushed, and she didn't cry anymore.

Lu Wen looked down and found that she was calm and calm, without a trace of panic.

"Li Yu woke up before me this morning, she buried something under here?"

"But is she really Li Yu?"

Although he confirmed some of his guesses on the third floor, Lu Wen still has many questions in his mind.

These questions seem to be entangled knots, pointing to contradictory conclusions.

Lu Wen began to think back to all the details he had discovered in the past few days, but he couldn't figure out some things anyway.

"Dug it out!"

The whisper of the crowd onlookers made Lu Wen return to reality from his thoughts.

Everyone took a few steps forward, hoping to see more clearly.

Xia Chuluo glanced inside, then waved his hand helplessly.

That indifferent and delicate face seems to be full of writing—this is it?

Lu Wen followed the eyes of everyone.

"Mouse?"

The corpses of several big mice were dug out.

The turbid mud covered the gray hairs of the mouse's epidermis, and several long tails were unable to drag on the ground.

"how come……"

Sun Wei’s family members were struck by lightning, and each one looked depressed.

The onlookers sighed for a while, and some people were relieved for Li Yu. After all, the little girl was naturally the weaker, and it was easy to arouse sympathy.

Xia Chuluo couldn't bear this kind of meaningless waste of time, so she beckoned and called the two assistants over.

"You two stay here to comfort the family members and clean the scene. I'll take a trip and investigate something."

"Boss, the two of us are responsible for protecting your personal safety."

Both of them obviously didn't agree with Xia Chuluo acting alone, and stopped.

"I won't protect the two of you, so thank goodness, you two will only drag me, so please stay here, casually find a hotel to settle the family members, I will come back soon."

Xia Chuluo said helplessly.

"But..."

"But what, my ancestor is the famous Sherlock, there is nothing that can threaten me."

"Boss, Sherlock is just a fictional character in the novel, and he is a Westerner."

"We are all fictional characters in the novel." 

Xia Chuluo smiled faintly.

Without waiting for the two to say anything, she turned around and took out the car key.

Until Xia Chuluo drove away, the two bionics were still a little confused, thinking about the last words Xia Chuluo said.

Not able to think of a conclusion, the two had no choice but to appease those Sun Wei's family members.

Under the persuasion of the two people to talk about it. Sun Wei’s family members finally gave up temporarily, drove to find a hotel in a nearby town, and said they would not leave, they would wait until the matter is solved.

Onlookers also dispersed.

Before leaving, the old grandmother patted Li Yu on the shoulder and said something like "Don't be afraid, girl, we are all on your side."

Li Yu nodded with red eyes.

After everyone left, the two bionics checked Cha Xia Chuluo's location and hurriedly followed.

........

Within the entire villa.

There are only Lu Wen and Li Yu left.

"Lu Wen, follow me to the third floor."

Li Yu looked calm, sad without disguise, and did not see the sweet smile of the past.

She turned around and went back to the villa, looking emotionally wrong.

【Dangerous】

The word suddenly appeared in Lu Wen's mind.

Going to the third floor again?


