---
title: "Ch 16"
---
About life.

The saddest thing is that it cannot be repeated.

The most gratifying thing is that it does not need to be repeated.

A little girl was standing by the window on the third floor, the night was like a dream, with a shrill siren in the dream, and a warm candle outside the dream.

She woke up in panic, stumbled and ran downstairs, the broken car wreck burning in the dark, like a cold flame on a birthday candle in her dream.

She cried in the night breeze and cut the blood-stained cake.

That was the first time she cut something in her life.

After that, she often dreamed.

In her dream, she cut the birthday cake again and again.

She woke up again and again.

The classmate stayed away from her in terror, and the doctor looked down in disappointment.

She wanted to wake up, the sharp blade pierced her skin, and the crimson blood dripped in the air.

Pain was like a smiling devil, she was lost in hesitation.

When she woke up again.

That familiar figure fell on the blood-stained carpet, and the blood-stained wallpaper silently told a poignant story. She stepped on the broken flower bed, crying in despair, as if returning to the night ten years ago.

……

The villa was messy.

Lu Wen followed Li Yu, stepping on the wooden floor on the stairs.

There were only two bedrooms on the third floor. In addition, there was an open-air garden, where dense vines covered the original appearance of the wooden frame.

Li Yu opened the door of the first bedroom and walked in.

This was the second time Lu Wen had come to this bedroom.

An ordinary bedroom, a bed, a wardrobe, a desk.

The bedroom has good lighting. Standing by the window, you can see the rolling hills from afar, and you can see the backyard from a distance.

"Actually...I never thought of restarting you."

Li Yu leaned against the window, looking outside.

A pair of beautiful eyes seemed to have lost their focus, a little apathetic.

Lu Wen was startled.

The words were so calm that he couldn't tell whether it was a signal of danger or safety.

【18%】

This is the progress given by the cracking program.

He couldn't do anything to Li Yu right now, if Li Yu really wants to restart him, he can only sit and wait for death.

"Are you always wondering, my true identity?"

Lu Wen nodded unconsciously.

Yesterday morning, he came to this bedroom for the first time.

Lying on the ground was a comatose Sun Wei. On the bed was a girl with scars on her arms and legs. The girl's appearance was exactly the same as Li Yu, but she was also in a coma. Don't think about it, that girl is Li Shuang.

He changed into Sun Wei's clothes, and Li Yu naturally also changed into Li Shuang's clothes.

There seemed to be blood stains on the clothes.

What happened later was very simple.

They drove to the edge of the cliff, changed their clothes, and the black car roared down the cliff.

The flames rose in the billowing smoke.

Lu Wen's heart was also filled with doubts.

"Actually, you should have known it a long time ago."

Should have known?

Lu Wen wondered how should he know, since it has only been three days since he switched on?

At first, he thought it was Li Shuang who killed Li Yu and replaced Li Yu's identity, but later discovered that things were not that simple.

Judging by the blood on the second floor, someone must have died.

He only discovered yesterday morning that Li Shuang, who he had always thought to be the murderer, was lying on the third floor, mentally abnormal, sometimes normal, sometimes self-harm.

The blood stains that sometimes appeared on Li Yu's body were also contaminated when Li Shuang injured herself.

and so……

There were actually three people in this villa from start?

The pit that Li Yu asked him to dig the first time, who was she going to bury now?

Why did she just throw a few mice in at the end?

Mouse?

Lu Wen looked at Li Yu abruptly1...

"The smell of the rotten mouse in the kitchen is definitely unbearable to normal people, but the bionic person has no sense of smell, so I didn't notice it!"

"The whole villa is so dark, the eyesight of normal people can't adapt at all, but the bionic people have night vision mode."

"When dealing with Sun Wei and Li Shuang yesterday, she did not wear gloves at all, as if she was not afraid of fingerprints, and bionics have no fingerprints!"

The clues are connected together.

Lu Wen suddenly understood everything.

Indeed, he should have thought of it long ago.

……

Young people are always enviable.

They are carefree, they are naive.

The eagles build a stable nest, and their powerful wings shield the wind and rain from the outside world, so they can look up at the stars and think freely.

The two sisters were walking on the way after school.

One sister looked up at the shining stars in the sky, stretched out her little hand, as if to catch those shining stars.

Other sister looked down at the broken flowers on the side of the road and sighed softly, always feeling that life shouldn't be so fragile.

It was the tenth birthday of the two sisters. The sisters were clamoring for cake. The parents were ashamed of the busy work day and went out in the dark night of heavy rain.

That was the last time Li Yu saw her parents.

The two sisters grew up under the support of their parents' colleagues, and moved back to this villa when they were adults.

Li Yu became a senior engineer, researching rocket fuel while taking care of her sister Li Shuang, who was not normal.

Fortunately, Li Shuang was only occasionally abnormal, and most of the time it was normal. Later, she also reaped the love that belonged to her, moved out, and was taken care of by her boyfriend.

Li Yu lived alone in the huge villa, and over time, some missed her sister.

She came to Xinhong, customized a bionic person according to her own appearance.

"Will Just call you Li Meng."

Li Meng opened his blank eyes.

Li Yu's gentle smile came into view.

Li Yu loved to laugh very much. Her smile can infect the people around her. Looking at her sweet smile, you will feel that the difficulties in life are nothing more than this.

Li Meng remembered these smiles.

When Li Yu is happy, she is also happy.

When Li Yu is sad, she will make her happy.

The two have lived together for more than a year.

I don’t know when.

But may be when those soft afternoon sun, those quiet tree shadows, the warm wind blew Li Yu's long hair, she smiled and leaned against the tree.

Li Meng suddenly saw a different world.

Her emotions were no longer controlled by the program.

She would feel down because she was just a bionic person, and she would be inexplicably happy because she was always by Li Yu's side.

Li Meng understood the world's prejudice against bionics.

Seeing Li Yu as a human being, she became very low and low, down to the dust, but she liked it in her heart, and flowers bloomed from the dust.

Later.

Li Shuang moved back and reportedly had a fight with her boyfriend.

After that.

Li Meng, who came back from shopping for food, heard the sound from the second floor. She walked up to the second floor looking for the sound, only a to find crimson color filling her eyes.

The flowers in her heart withered and faded.

Li Meng walked step by step to the figure lying in the blood, picked her up, whispered, a few hot tears dripped and melted into the poignant blood.

……

I had a dream.

There is an electronic sheep in the dream.

........
Hello everyone, this is Lord Asgord. The TL of this story. I am liking how this story is growing with time. Let's wait and see how this story will evolve. 

Even I have not read the next chapter and this chapter was pretty confusing. Stay tuned and see what will happen next. 

Consider joining our disord server and you may try out our other stories.