---
title: "Ch 18"
---

"Three days!"

"Three full days!"

Xia Chuluo tilted her head to face Lu Wen, her tone a little weird.

"You stayed with her for three days before you realized that she was a bionic person. If it was me, I wouldn't need more than 30 minutes. A machine is a machine, and it is still so useless even after waking up."

She bent down to pick up Li Meng's phone on the ground, and tossed it in air.

This phone can restart Lu Wen with one click. Before, Li Meng was the highest order executor.

Now Lu Wen since he understood that Li Yu is a bionic person. In Lu Wen's program, she has been isolated from the concept of "person".

Therefore, all the orders to Lu Wen are of the same level now.

If Xia Chuluo orders Lu Wen to connect to the Internet, Lu Wen can also do so.

"You seem to have some prejudice against bionics." Lu Wen glanced at the phone in her hand, then looked away.

Xia Chuluo smiled faintly, "It's not that there are some prejudices, but there are big prejudices."

The sharpness of the girl's speech was positively correlated with her appearance, and she was completely a topic terminator.

Lu Wen was a programmer in his life, and he didn't talk to girls much.

After this the surroundings suddenly became cold.

"You are looking for chat skills in the original functional chip." Xia Chuluo didn't even look up, but lowered her head to hack into Li Yu's phone.

Lu Wen was surprised.

Does this girl know how to read mind?

How does she know what he is doing?

"I don't know how to read mind, and you are just a machine, and mind reading can't read a machine."

"According to the scene environment, context, and some additional conditions, it is generally possible to infer the psychological activities of the person concerned."

Xia Chu Luo Yang touched the phone in her hand, and her pretty face was full of ease.

"Sure enough, the password is the birth date of Li Yu's birthday, Calima, plus 520, so the design will not be a bit more complicated."

After a half a minute, phone was unlocked.

The phone was cracked like this!

Lu Wen suddenly found a very serious problem, is there really a gap between people’s IQs?

"Look, now your life is in my hand."

Xia Chuluo shook the phone screen to Lu Wen.

On the screen, a software from Bilan was faintly visible.

This software was bound to Lu Wen’s number, and under the premise of being connected to internet, he can be remotely controlled.

"I wonder... you brought a gun, if you really want my life, all that is needed is a shot, there is no need to spend this half a minute to crack the phone." Lu Wen tried to be calmer.

"Huh?" Xia Chuluo frowned, "You can analyze it? Surely, after a long time with me, anyone's IQ will improve. But how come my two assistants are no different from the two pigs? Is this? Is it the difference between being awakened and not awakening?"

Lu Wen: "……"

He found that the girl's character was really unpleasant.

"I'll ask you a question." Xia Chuluo casually threw the phone in her pocket and looked up at Lu Wen.

Lu Wen tried to remain calm and said back. "Ask."

"There is a murder case now, four dead, all of whom are called Li Jian."

"The ages, personalities, looks, and family backgrounds of the four deceased were completely different. They lived in different places in Mau City and did not know each other. They had never had any intersection before."

"Then, what is the purpose of the murderer?"

Ok?

Lu Wen was startled.

Universal original function chip, it's time for you to shoot!

【Find similar cases】

【……】

【No relevant data】

"You are just a housekeeping bionic, although it is a very high-end customized version, but the original functional chip has no access to this data." Xia Chuluo's mouth curved up into a devilish smile, and she didn't seem to be anxious.

What the fuck is more terrifying than mind reading?

Lu Wen suddenly missed the days he spent with Li Meng.

After finally being born again, can't he meet a few normal people and live normal life?

Forget it, just guess.

"Is there any financial loss on the deceased?" he asked.

"No." Xia Chuluo responded.

"Has the deceased ever been violated during his lifetime?" Lu Wen then asked.

"If you hear this name, you know that the four dead are all men!" Xia Chuluo held her forehead speechlessly.

But...

Soon her eyes brightened, she looked up at Lu Wen, and applauded: "This is a good idea. Sure enough, the idea of ​​a machine is different from that of a human, but you have misunderstood few things, a little talent, not bad."

Lu Wen then asked: "Have any similar cases happened before?"

"No, this is the first time."

"So... of the four dead, only one is really victim. The other three are just for confusion. In order to confuse people, considering that the more the crimes are committed, the more likely the murderer will be exposed, so the murderer is most likely to be Using bionics to commit crimes."

"Oh, your brain is very good, not bad."

"I got it right?"

"No, the case hasn't been closed yet, so I don't know what the murderer's real purpose is. Maybe it was because he was hurt by someone named Li Jian, and then simply retaliated against the society?"

Xia Chuluo spread her hands.

She looked at Lu Wen, from top to bottom, carefully looked at him and then nodded, seemingly satisfied.

"Let's go, follow me to solve this case."

"I?"

"Otherwise, where do you want to go?" Xia Chuluo pointed to Li Meng in Lu Wen's arms. "You are now in a state of no ownership. Even if I let you go, you have only two ways to go. You can either be recovered or run away. Join those bionic organizations in the ruins."

"Can't a bionic person have the identity of a free man?"

"Of course you can." Xia Chuluo patted Lu Wen on the shoulder, "But you are not qualified enough. You can mix with this girl. You will be able to get free one day."

"What about Li Meng?"

"At this time, you still thinking about people. I really lack love for beautiful, or are you guilty of Stockholm syndrome?"

"This situation cannot be said to be Stockholm."

"Then you are simply greedy for her body."

"How can you be so innocent out of thin air!"

"……"

Lu Wen hugged Li Yu's body, followed behind Xia Chuluo, and walked downstairs step by step.

He thought that the body of a bionic person was nothing to be greedy about.

Li Meng was not dead now, and the four chips are still there, he can go to customize a body, or repair the current body, add blue blood, and then revive her.

"Put her and Li Yu together."

Xia Chuluo said suddenly.

"Li Yu?"

"Don't you know where Li Yu's body is?"

"Where?" Lu Wen was a little surprised. He had basically been to this villa from the first floor to the third floor, and never saw a place to hide a corpse.

"Use your brain." Xia Chuluo said angrily.

..............

Hello, This is Asgord. 

If you are loving this story... please help us when we launch our patreon. 
Till then consider joining the discord server.