---
title: "Ch 19"
---
"I am a bionic person." Lu Wen spoke very seriously to defend himself, "So physically, I have no brains."

Xia Chuluo looked at him and shrugged.

Only a bionic person can say so confidently that he has no brains.

She stepped on the wooden floor, stroked her hair habitually, thoughtfully.

"Although it has been washed with bleach, the bleeding can still be detected after a while. If I were you, I would replace the entire floor."

"But changing the floor can be suspicious."

"Wasn't it already suspicious when you bought wallpaper?"

Xia Chuluo came to the second floor, glanced at the second room on her left, and pondered for a few seconds.

"The effect of repainting the walls will be better, but it will also leave clues. No matter where you start, this is a dead end, unless she chooses not to kill Li Shuang and send Li Shuang to the mental hospital, but this will Exposing the reality of Li Yu's death, and she will also became a masterless bionic."

Xia Chuluo seems to be breaking this deadlock from the perspective of Li Meng.

Start from a certain point and deduct backwards.

"If you were Li Meng, what would you do?"

Looking at Lu Wen, Xia Chuluo seemed to be asking for his opinion very formally.

Lu Wen looked at Li Meng in his arms.

Her eyes were slightly lowered, and a smile hung from the corner of her mouth, as if she was asleep, but maybe she could never wake up again.

"First of all, I won't be her." Lu Wen thought for a while.

"Secondly, I remember you said that based on the on-site environment and context, you can infer what others are thinking. So when thinking about a question, you must substitute Li Meng’s perspective. From the perspective of an onlooker, this question may have many answers. , But from her perspective, Li Shuang must die."

Lu Wen smiled, this was a meaningless question.

Xia Chuluo would not ask such meaningless questions.

So there was only one possibility.

"Are you testing me again?"

"Very good." Xia Chuluo patted her little hand, her pretty face was filled with relief, "I will quit the two pigs when I go back, and install military bionic implants for you, be ready to transform into a gorgeous one."

"Does the implanted program conflict with other programs?"

Lu Wen looked at the thing in his mind.

【20】

This progress bar was almost as fast as he used to download learning materials from a certain network disk in his previous life.

Of course, this was mainly because the learning materials were relatively large.

"Bilan's implantation procedures have been monitored by the company's security, and there will be no conflicts with the original system. Don't worry." Xia Chuluo suddenly paused, "unless...you install it without being monitored by the company. Foreign programs, for example, cracked programs?"

She pinched her delicate chin and glanced at Lu Wen obliquely.

"The cracking program will be automatically deleted by the system after the cracking is completed, but you have three fusing measures in your body, so it takes a week to crack. Let me think about where you will come into contact with the cracking program...by the shop which sells wallpapers? "

"Can I not answer this question?"

Xia Chuluo was an executive officer, and it was one of her duties to hunt down the awakened bionic.

Of course, Lu Wen felt that she was not so rigid. Not only did she let Li Meng go, she also allowed him, an awakened bionic person, to follow her. Apart from her mouth like poisoned snake, she didn't have any other shortcomings.

But Lu Wen can't guarantee that this girl will let go of Brother Cockroach's organization.

After all, more than three hundred awakened bionics can be regarded as a great achievement.

"You have only powered on for three days, and most of the time was under Li Meng's surveillance. The only time you have the opportunity to get access to the cracking program was the time you went to buy the wallpaper."

Seeing Lu Wen did not answer.

The corners of Xia Chuluo's mouth raised, and her favorite analysis session began.

"Everyone you have contacted during this period can be found out through the city surveillance investigation."

"But relying on monitoring is too unqualified. Thinking about it, you will know that the bionic organization will not give out cracking procedures at will until you are sure that your background is clean, so you must send it after you return to the villa. A cracked program that someone installed for you."

"Then the question is, there is Li Meng in the villa, how can they give you the cracking program under Li Meng's nose?" Xia Chuluo walked down the stairs step by step with her white hands on her back. "The answer is special military use type bionics, military bionics have at least three fusing measures in their bodies, so there are very few awakenings, and special military awakenings are even rarer. Combining the data of escaped bionics in recent years, what gives you the cracking program is... a cockroach?"

"Don't worry, I won't catch them."

Lu Wen said nothing.

He just had one thought in his mind, 'he was born again to accept the crush of IQ?'

No, I have to find a way to make myself look smarter.

"Remember that Xia Chuluo said before that the corpses of Li Meng and Li Yu should be put together, not buried together, so Li Yu's corpse was placed somewhere in this villa?"

Lu Wen thought carefully.

Unknowingly, he already followed Xia Chuluo to the first floor.

Suddenly he had a flash of inspiration and said, "The basement! This villa has a basement, and Li Yu's body is in the basement, right?"

Hearing the words.

Xia Chuluo stopped.

She turned around, her face was calm, and she touched Lu Wen's hair naturally.

"Yes, this brain is pretty good."

"Is there really a basement?"

"Of course there are basements, but..."

"You just guess Li Yu's body is inside?"

Lu Wen breathed a sigh of relief, this girl was not omnipotent.

"My guess is generally correct."

Xia Chuluo snorted and raised her head slightly.

She walked to the first bedroom, which was the children's room that Lu Wen cleaned.

Opened the door, just took a look, said nothing, and walked towards the second bedroom.

That was it, but found or said nothing, after that she opened four bedrooms one after another.

The fifth bedroom.

"This is it."

The layout of the bedroom was very ordinary.

A bedroom had a dressing table, a wardrobe, a guitar stand and a guitar, everything was covered with white cloth, and the surface of the white cloth is covered with dust.

"Brush--!"

Xia Chuluo tore off the white cloth on the closet, then opened the closet door.

She stretched out her left hand, placed it in the innermost wardrobe, and then pushed it to the right abruptly.

"Look, the way down."

This was like some decryption game, but also like the plot of escape room.

The steps meander down.

A ray of chill overflowed along the steps.

"When I first came this morning, I found that this villa had no lights on. This was very strange. Where was she spending more than 200 electricity bills every month?"

"Do you even have to check this?"

"In solving a case, it is meticulous, especially now that the bionic crime is endless. Go ahead."

Lu Wen topped the front, holding Li Meng in his arms.

Xia Chuluo followed him closely.

The two stepped on the cold stairs.

It was dark all around.

There was a light source below, which should be the exit of the stairs.

It didn't take long before his eyes suddenly opened up.

"There really is a small cold storage underground."

Xia Chuluo confirmed his guess.

The two pushed open the door of the cold storage.

In it was a pure white bed.

On the left side of the bed was a beautiful girl.

There was a letterhead on the right side of the bed.

Other than that, it was empty.

Lu Wen walked to the bed and glanced at the letter paper.

"I'm glad I can die in May, so that when you think of my cemetery, it will look like flowers are in full bloom."

——Li Meng.