---
title: "Ch 12"
---

What's on the third floor?

Lu Wen guessed the result.

The moment he opened the door, the scene he saw was almost the same as he had guessed.

……

An hour later, Lu Wen sat in the main driver's seat, with a low-pressure peaked cap and large sunglasses covering most of his face.

Li Yu sat in the passenger seat, leaning on his shoulder, very intimate.

The two are like men and women in love.

Lu Wen turned on the autopilot of the car as soon as it started.

It autonomously drove away from the city.

"Put some songs, don't be so serious."

Li Yu was like a little naughty little fairy.

Sitting in the car, she did not wanted to be quiet. For a while, she stretched out her hand out of the window, and then yelled out, attracting pedestrians on the road to look at them.

【StillAlive】

Lu Wen connected to the car system and downloaded the song.

This song belonged to a parkour game called "Mirror's Edge", which he did not expect to have in this world.

The familiar melody sounded.

The breeze stroked Lu Wen's hair from the car window.

He stretched out his hand by the window and looked at the receding scenery outside in trance.

It felt like he have returned to that familiar world.

The car ran on the straight highway, unrestrained and never stopped.

"This song is so good, I didn't expect you to have such a taste." Li Yu leaned on the car seat, with a smile on the corner of her mouth, eyes closed, and her right hand stretched out from the window, like a free bird.

She seemed to enjoy this feeling of freedom.

"I heard it accidentally when I bought wallpaper before."

Lu Wen explained casually.

The car was getting farther and farther away from the city, but the surrounding buildings were gradually increasing.

This was a deformed city. People were busy in the city, thus many prefer renting houses in the suburbs, and buying houses in small towns farther away.

The car drove past small town-like buildings.

Farther, it was the abandoned cities.

The desert was eroding those inaccessible places.

He don't know when, Li Yu leaned on his shoulder, as if asleep.

Lu Wen lowered his head and saw her long eyelashes trembling, and he didn't know if she had dreamed of something.

……

Evening.

It was rare to see a purple sunset on the horizon.

A taxi stopped at the entrance of the villa.

Lu Wen and Li Yu came out of it and went inside the villa silently without attracting any attention

Lu Wen and Li Yu both changed their clothes, and changed back to their own clothes.

As for that car, maybe someone will find it soon.

"Lu Wen, make dinner for two, a little more hearty."

Li Yu stretched and opened the door.

She walked quickly to the side of the sofa, and threw herself on the sofa ignorantly, like a tired kitten.

"Ok."

Lu Wen walked into the kithchen with a shopping bag.

When coming back, they randomly found a supermarket in a small town and bought some things.

After closing the door, it was pitch black.

Lu Wen adjusted his night vision to adapt to the surrounding darkness.

Going into the kitchen, he took out two steaks from the shopping bag, cut off the fatty part of the two steaks, put them in a pan, and turned on a low fire.

Ten minutes later.

Lu Wen walked out of the kitchen with two dinners.

Seeing the sight in front of him, he was taken aback.

"Candle light dinner, why are you in the mood suddenly?"

It was rare for Li Yu to take the initiative to open the curtain on one side, and the sky was already dark outside.

It was just endless grass and a hint of purple glow.

There were two silver candlesticks on the dining table by the window, and the white candles are slowly burning.

The flickering candlelight made the whole room look full of hazy beauty.

Li Yu was sitting by the window, seeming to be in a daze, her beautiful eyes staring out of the window, the night breeze invited her hair to dance, and soft music sounded. It was the one that was put on the car today.

"Good mood?"

Lu Wen put two dinners on the table.

He knew that there was no one on the third floor. The two dinners belonged to him and Li Yu respectively.

"Of course, I finally went out for an outing."

Li Yu came back to his senses and smiled lightly.

"Thanks for your hard work these past two days, it won't be so hard in the future."

She opened a bottle of red wine, and then handed a half glass of red wine to Lu Wen.

Lu Wen took it over.

The two ate dinner against the backdrop of music and candlelight.

Li Yu didn't know what he was thinking.

Lu Wen has been analyzing Li Yu's last sentence.

"It won't be so hard in the future?"

The more he thought about it, the more he felt this sounded weird.

Is she going to restart him tonight?

He can see Li Yu's appearance, she was in a good mood.

"By the way, an executive officer will come to our home to ask questions tomorrow. Don't show any flaws." Li Yu smiled slightly, licked the red wine stains on his lips, and exhorted.

"Well, don't worry."

Lu Wen nodded.

This was an order.

Li Yu's words were the highest order for him, higher than the rest of human beings.

Therefore, even if the executive officer orders him to tell the truth tomorrow, he doesn’t have to follow it, and he doesn’t worry about violating the second principle of bionics.

"In this way, I will not be restarted tonight."

As for what the executive officer wants to ask tomorrow, Lu Wen knew it in his heart.

After dinner Lu Wen began to pack the tableware, while Li Yu lay on the sofa and watched TV.

After he finished cleaning up, he walked out of the kitchen and found that Li Yu had fallen asleep on the sofa.

Inside the TV, news flashed by, but all boring things.

"Taking this opportunity to take her phone?"

This idea passed in a flash, and was quickly rejected by Lu Wen.

The positioning device in the body has not been taken out.

Li Yu’s mobile phone must also have a positioning device, so he can’t run far.

Be reasonable and calm.

Sit and wait for the opportunity.

Wait for the person who can break the game to appear!

Maybe it’s tomorrow?

"I hope there will be humans among the executive officers who come tomorrow."

Lu Wen was not looking down on his bionic brothers, he simply felt that a bionic person who is not awakened may not have enough brain.

Their language, actions, expressions, after all, are still limited by inherent procedures.

And the bionic person after awakening, such as the cockroach brother last night completely gave him the feeling of "human", the propaganda eloquence of Brother Cockroach, put in those financial companies, are all first-class masters.

Lu Wen walked up and turned off the TV.

He found a piece of clothes for Li Yu who was sleeping on the sofa, and then sat quietly by the window.

This is the first night with nothing to do in the two days since he came to this world.

Bionics don't need sleep, but Lu Wen still felt a wave of tiredness coming up.

"Just sleep for ten minutes."

He closed his eyes.

Nothing happened all night.

When opened his eyes again, it was dawn.

Dark clouds were all over the sky again, the clouds were getting lower and lower, the weather in this world was always so complicated and confusing, the faint morning light was obscured by the thick clouds.

"It's going to rain again?"

"Is it because human activities in this world are too intense, affecting the weather?"

Lu Wen rubbed his eyes.

He suddenly found that he was wearing a piece of clothing, which was the one that he put on Li Yu last night.

Sometimes he really can’t tell if this girl is a cruel murderer or a gentle and lovely girl form next door.

There was no sign of Li Yu on the sofa.

There was the familiar voice in his ears.

"...The four of us went on a trip yesterday. My sister and her boyfriend said they wanted to go a little farther, but they haven't come back yet. I am very worried..."

Li Yu was on the phone, pacing in the living room.