---
title: "Ch 14"
---
Luo Wen blinked frantically.

Lu Wen has seen a lot of smart people in his life, but the girl in front of her can no longer be described by just the word smart.

God!

"Yes, a bionic person after awakening is much more flexible."

Xia Chuluo smiled faintly.

On the other side, Sun Wei's family has already started making trouble.

"Our family, Awei, has been sensible and obedient since he was a child, and is sunny and cheerful. How could he have died with that mentally troubled woman!"

"It must be the you who made money and killed them!"

"Let’s investigate thoroughly!"

"……"

Making money and killing?

Lu Wen thought about the millions in Li Yu's account and this suburban villa, and felt that this should be the most unlikely entry point for the murder.

But apparently Sun Wei's family doesn't know this.

Looking at that, if they don’t come to a conclusion today, they might go to the Executive Bureau in the city.

The weather seemed to cater to the sad atmosphere of the scene.

A patter of light rain fell on the heavens, which made it a little more exaggerating.

Some people gradually stopped around. Some people who lived nearby came over to watch the excitement.

Xia Chuluo frowned, seeming to dislike this noisy environment.

"No. 1, call out the surveillance to show Sun Wei's family, let them be quiet first."

"Ok."

The No. 1 Bionic Man walked up to those Sun Wei’s family members.

They saw him stretch out the five fingers of his left hand, and five tiny instruments sticking out of his hand, shooting out blue and white light in the air, quickly forming a picture.

Air projection.

This is a bit advanced. Lu Wen searched in his original functional chip for a while and found that he also had this function. He couldn't help but feel relieved that this one million yuan was not spent in vain, although it was not his own money.

The projected picture was yesterday’s monitoring.

Ordinary street monitoring.

There was a constant stream of vehicles in the screen.

"Stop!"

Xia Chuluo gave an order.

The screen suddenly stopped.

"Zoom in."

The screen began to zoom in a little bit.

Certain technologies in this era are indeed very advanced, and the picture has always maintained a very high quality.

"This is Awei's car!"

Sun Wei's family recognized the car in the picture.

After the screen is zoomed in again.

In the driving position, the young man driving was clearly visible.

"Is this Sun Wei?"

Xia Chu Luo asked lightly.

"This...this is Awei..."

Although they didn't want to admit it.

But the familiar long-sleeved jacket and low-pressure peaked cap cover most of the face with sunglasses, but it doesn’t need to be distinguished carefully.

Sun Wei’s family admited that this was Sun Wei!

Xia Chuluo looked calm, glanced at Lu Wen, which was meaningful.

"Have you seen, he drove over by himself, don't talk about money and murder, stop it." She said indifferently.

Bionic Man No. 1 received the projection, walked to Xia Chuluo, and whispered: "Boss, our program is set. When encountering such over-sorrowful family members, we still have to calm down, be soft and soft. Speak slowly, compare our hearts to our hearts, if we also encounter..."

"Well, you go to comfort them."

"I...I'm just a bionic after all, and the gender setting is still a rough male..."

"What use do you have?"

Xia Chuluo glanced at him lightly.

No. 1 Bionic: "……"

Unsurprisingly, Sun Wei’s family rioted again just after receiving the projection.

"It must be these two sisters who hijacked my family Awei!"

"Yes, the murder weapon must still be in this villa. If we can't find it out today, we will go to the executive bureau in the city!"

"If you close the curtains in broad daylight, you must hiding something shameless!"

"……"

No. 1 Bionic Man hurried forward to comfort them.

But with little success, in this era, few people treat bionics as real people, and Sun Wei’s family directly ignored him.

Xia Chuluo seemed to be a little impatient.

At this moment, Bionic No. 2 stepped forward and said: "Boss, the search warrant has come down."

"Yes, the efficiency of that group of rice buckets today is considered passable, and the taxpayer's money is not in vain to raise this group of pigs." Xia Chuluo lifted up a few short strands of hair in front of her forehead, spitting fragrance, and witty words.

"Go in and search, just look for anything suspicious." Xia Chuluo waved her hand, looking a little helpless, "I guess you can't find out anything anyway."

"We are going in too!" Sun Wei's family shouted loudly.

"Break into a private house without the owner's permission, and enjoy 15 days of accommodation, anyone wants to try?"

Xia Chuluo stood at the door, blocking Sun Wei's family.

But these people had lost some of their sanity, and they are pushing and shouting. Although Xia Chuluo has been trained, it was impossible to stop so many people.

Everyone rushed in.

Li Yu, with red eyes and tears, stood outside the door, looking very pitiful.

Lu Wen pulled Li Yu over, wiped her tears, and comforted her in a low voice.

The passing grandmother couldn't stand it anymore.

"What's this called? Such a big family, bullying a little girl?"

"Yes, is there still a king's law? Is there a law?" Another passerby also began to fight the injustice.

There was a lot of noise today.

The sky was drizzling, and some passers-by gathered together holding umbrellas.

After understanding the situation, everyone came to a surprisingly consistent conclusion.

"Isn't this just love?"

"What's the matter with the little girl?"

"The child Li Yu is so pitiful. I watched her grow up. She had no parents since she was a child, and now her sister is gone. The family is still being rummaged by these people. Where is justice?"

The grandmother was the one who can't stand it the most, she almost dollar bite the surrounding people!

In the villa, more than a dozen people rummaged through boxes.

The two bionic executive officers have been greatly disrupted in the forensic investigation. Although they can act on these humans, they should exercise restraint unless necessary.

The scope of interpretation of the zeroth principle and the first principle of military bionics is different from that of ordinary bionics.

[The zeroth principle: robots must not harm the entire human race, or cause harm to the entire human race due to inaction]

[First principle: Unless it violates high-level principles, robots must not harm individual humans, or cause harm to humans due to inaction]

Housekeeping bionics will remove the concept of human beings who are performing "housebreaking" and "stealing" behaviors. Acting on these people will not trigger a circuit breaker.

The military type also act on "hostile forces", "suspects", and so on.

In other words, Lu Wen and the other two bionic executives can actually attack those Sun Wei's family members at this moment.

Ordinary people can bully the housekeeping type bionics, but once they take the military type, they will go to the hospital for half a year in the next second.

This messy rumination lasted more than an hour.

The curtains of the whole villa were pulled open.

"This is the first time I saw this villa so bright." Lu Wen walked into the villa and took a look. Although it was messy everywhere, even messier than when he first came, but it was really bright.

After a long time, everyone found nothing.

The two executive officers also looked helpless.

"The direction is wrong, my two bionic brothers, why can't you assume that this is the first crime scene? Test blood?" Lu Wen thought these two guys looked dumb.

Of course that was useless, he used bleach to clean all the blood stains several times.

He was busy all night doing that, it was really not in vain.

A voice suddenly came from the backyard.

"There is a puddle here, there must be something underneath!"