---
title : "Ch 20"
---
"She actually left a message for you."

"She knew she would die?" Lu Wen asked.

"It can only be said that she knew she might die."

Xia Chuluo picked up the letter paper and took a closer look.

"One of the advantages of the bionic person is that the computing power is far beyond that of human beings. She can exhaustively infer all possible results. In her inference, the probability of death was relatively high."

"But it was not hopeless. If there were a few stupid bionics, there was a small chance that they will be deceived by her and treat this case as an ordinary death."

She turned her head to look at Lu Wen, "In fact, you also have this function. Take a closer look at me and calculate the proportion of people of the right age who think I am beautiful."

Was there such a feature originally?

Exhaustive method... Lu Wen thought of black box testing.

He looked carefully at Xia Chuluo for a while, and the original functional chip came in handy again.

[Calculating...]

[67% of school-age men think she is beautiful]

This……

Should he tell the truth?

Or improve her a little bit?

67% should be considered relatively high, right?

From Lu Wen's point of view, Xia Chuluo can be regarded as pretty. Girls with short hair always have a special charm.

"Do you want to improve me a little bit, because it is too low, only 63%, right?" Xia Chuluo looked indifferent.

"Have you asked your assistant to calculate?"

Lu Wen understood that, no matter what kind of girl, she will pay more or less attention to her appearance.

She faced Lu Wen and just smiled slightly before she changed the topic.

"Put her up, that's it for now, Li Yu's account permissions are now in your hands, remember to pay the electricity bill on time every month."

"How to explain to the people at Li Yu's company?"

"Her sister is dead, she is in a bad mood, enough money, don't want to work, how simple it is? I will make a voice changer , help Li Yu to resign and sign an electronic contract. Be prepared to pay some liquidated damages."

"I am rich now, am I?"

"What's the use of having money? Your life is still in my hands."

"……"

On the pure white bed, a thin layer of frost condensed on Li Yu's skin.

Pure, flawless, and pale.

This beautiful girl looked like a princess in a fairy tale.

The fatal wound was on the neck. The sharp weapon severed the aorta and trachea. Blood poured out of the trachea. Within a few minutes, the brain was deprived of oxygen and died of suffocation.

Lu Wen thought about the second floor room he cleaned up.

The only thing that can be used as a murder weapon was the fragments of the TV screen.

He gently placed Li Meng beside Li Yu.

The two girls have exactly the same looks, their bodies were soaked with red blood and blue blood.

"Let's go, follow me back to the Executive Board, if the case can be solved, I will give you the phone."

"Actually, even if you don't give me the phone, my circuit breaker will still fail in a few days."

"I can restart you using Li Yu's account."

"Well... I'll listen to you."

The two returned along the same route.

The villa was in chaos now, and everything has been turned over in a mess.

Lu Wen thought for a while, and closed the curtains of every window. The heavy curtains blocked the sunlight that tried to penetrate in, and the whole villa was plunged into darkness again.

Then he went to the kitchen and took out all the vegetables left in the refrigerator.

He didn't know when he will come back next time. These perishable things cannot be kept.

It was still rainy iutside when he went out.

"Is this world always so dim? The rain is endless, and it is likely to be acid rain." Lu Wen looked up at the sky, and threw the packed things in his hands into the trash can.

"It's like this in my memory."

Xia Chuluo closed the door of the villa, took out the car key from his pocket, and threw it to Lu Wen.

The icon on the car key was an eye.

Lu Wen looked at it and easily remembered that he learned from the original functional chip that this is a very expensive car. He didn't expect the executives to be treated so well.

Lu Wen opened the door and sat in the main driving position.

Xia Chuluo sat in the passenger seat.

"Seat belts on."

Lu Wen said as he pulled the seat belt over his seat and prepared to buckle it.

"Trouble."

Xia Chuluo took out a shining knife from his pocket, and broke the seat belt in the main driver's seat.

As for the seat belt in the front passenger seat, it has already been broken.

Lu Wen: "???"

Your knife is so sharp, what brand?

Not right!

Why did you break your seat belt?!

It's fine if you broke it yourself, why did you pick me out? The human heart is sinister!

"This is called being prepared for danger in peace, understand?" Xia Chuluo calmly spoke with a small face.

"It is a miracle that your two assistants can live up to now." Lu Wen sighed sincerely.

"No, I have changed many assistants. The average survival time is less than two months. They died miserably, and they couldn't even save the chip."

"Can't there be data backups?"

"Trouble, you have to have a new body if you have data backup, it's better to customize a new bionic person."

"……"

High-risk occupations.

There was nothing more to say, let's drive.

The black car slowly started and drove towards the main city of Mowu in the distance under the clouded sky.

The road was straight and wide.

【Turn on autopilot】

Lu Wen connected to the system in the car.

On this kind of road, one does not have to drive manually.

[The autopilot function is damaged.]

Ok?

A big word "Dangerous" appeared in Lu Wen's mind.

Manually just manually.

The world was full of compromises.

"Lu Wen, I have obtained the approval for the implantation program on the Internet, so I can download it directly." Xia Chuluo swiped twice on her mobile phone.

"Enter this URL, unzip it directly after downloading, no installation is required."

She put the phone in front of Lu Wen.

On the screen is a long string of addresses.

"Fortunately, the bionic can handle multiple programs at the same time."

The driving hand was still steady.

Lu Wen scanned the website and then connected to the Internet.

【downloading】

[1%, 2%, 3%...]

This speed was like opening a membership.

After a while.

successfully downloaded.

The speed of decompression was as fast as lightning.

【The 'hostile forces' have been removed from the human category】

【The ‘Suspect’ has been removed from the human category】

【The ‘parade and demonstration group’ has been removed from the human category】

【‘Humans with offensive intentions’ have been removed from the category of humans】

【……】

Each reminder program came to mind.

This feeling was more comfortable than doing a full set of formal health care.

I've been locked in the dust for a long time!

"The speed of the car just now stabilized at 75, and now it suddenly fluctuates to 96. Although you didn't say it, you are very happy now. This detail is enough to distinguish between humans and bionics." Xia Chuluo casually analyzed, "Li Meng saying was truth. Yes, you really look like a real human being."